so let's get in focus let's get in focus
for his I'm like literally sitting on
the floor it doesn't even matter I'm so
excited I'm so excited it's still out of
focus does it matter I'm so excited I
have this really cool project I want to
share with you here let's do an intro
thing in music first go is that better
that's better we did it okay so project
time this is gonna be huge like huge
it's gonna be six hours by five my phone
right now I'm so excited I didn't want
to like lose track of stuff so I have
like notes and this is like alright
let's get to the point I'm just so
excited about this I literally had to
wait for everybody to leave the house
just to make this video so I knew I'd be
yelling and know I'd be yelling I'm
probably hitting the implement okay I'm
sorry I was yelling I've been told that
my YouTube videos are nearly unwatchable
sometimes because I just yell the whole
time and because I'm out of focus a lot
so hopefully that's better I don't want
to tell you about this project
you saw the intro what's happening right
now is for the next 100 weekdays because
I don't go small I'm not doing a 30-day
thing about doing a five-day thing I'm
doing something for a hundred days I'm
gonna make a hundred videos 100 podcast
episodes in 100 blog posts about SEO
look here's a deal you know I don't like
the SEO gurus the ones who steal content
the ones who put out fake content that
confuses you that write articles to
titled learn SEO fast and then you go
there and it's literally a hundred
ninety seven links to other articles so
instead of just railing about these
things I blocked everybody on Twitter
that was just ridiculous and I decided
to make things I'm a teacher I teach
it's what I do in the way that I've
always dealt with being pissed off about
something just like I am about the
current state of SEO education in a lot
of ways is by making things so I'm gonna
make stuff for you I want you to
subscribe to my youtube channel I want
you to subscribe to my podcast I want
you to be on my newsletter because for
the next literally five months I will be
putting out a badass video podcasts and
blog posts every single day it's gonna
be a lot in here so I kind of touched on
why but here's why so I think the real
opportunity here is is twofold
it is to create a hundred pieces or 300
pieces of evergreen content that live
and educate forever right and then part
two is really just to change how the
uninitiated see SEO my clients my
potential clients my students and
potential students and really just the
whole internet I want them to see SEO
the way that I see it that I want them
to see SEO as being about relationships
about teaching and about helping and
most importantly about problem solving
and you're gonna hear a lot about that
in the next hundred days SEO is about
solving problems nothing else because
what I kept seeing happen was nuts I'm
yelling at him no matter where I went I
kept seeing the same thing I would come
into a group of people and I'm like
who's having trouble with SEO like have
you thought about it and that it really
came down to just asking one simple
question who here is intimidated by SEO
and what would end up happening with
invariably
was I would get this reaction so my
mission here like if we can just have a
personal manifesto
mission statement kind of moment my goal
with a hundred days of SEO is first to
radically change somebody else's life
with this type of marketing the way that
I've changed my life the way I change
lives for my clients and my students I
want to do that for more people and then
parts two and three is really just
number two to like I said make SEO less
intimidating and number three just
highlight all of these amazing people
that are out there in the SEO industry
and in the content industry and I just
want to highlight them we're gonna do
interviews oh I'll explain what we're
doing every single day here in just a
second so here's what we have going on
every single weekday will be the same
thing every single week every Monday
this is Monday when you're watching this
if you're watching it live because I'm
like getting chills I'm so excited every
single Monday is going to be mash up
Monday so I'm just literally gonna cover
current events cool things that are
going on in SEO things that I've learned
and things like that it's gonna be kind
of like just a short news segment now
the number two or number two Tuesday aka
the second day of the week is gonna be
two minute Tuesday just so short we're
gonna be like we're gonna put the little
timer up here cuz I hopefully in post I
put the time right here just put two
minutes on the clock
Peter McKinnon style and just just run
I'm yelling why am I still yelling I
love this stuff that's why I yell and
I'm also used to talking to 40 teenagers
that don't want to hear crap that I have
to say so when I'm talking to a camera I
just scream we're gonna put two minutes
on the clock and I'm going to teach you
something in two minutes something that
maybe you were struggling with some
small concept just a quick punchy
two-minute thing because on Wednesday
we're going a little more in depth
we got workshop Wednesday which I'm so
excited for I'm literally gonna take
somebody's website and I'm gonna
workshop it I'm gonna do workshop it mmm
workshop maybe workshop it and do a
quick little SEO audit on what they have
going on and give them next steps and
you're gonna be able to learn from that
by seeing a real website not like hey
here's what SEO tactics worked for my
SEO website like that's not real it
doesn't help anybody but if you're a
chiropractor and I go on a chiropractors
website and I give them tips and next
steps you can learn from that and even
if you're not if you're a local business
you'll still learn and there's so much
we're gonna do 20 of those one every
single week further on in the week
go even deeper tutorial Thursday so
excited for this this is gonna be long
form 20 30 minute video going super
in-depth how I do topical research how I
do all of these like really specific
processes in my business how I do
everything like I'm gonna break it down
for you on thursdays and then on Fridays
oh I'm gonna be my favorite day of the
week Friday is friends Friday it's a bad
name but I want to talk to my friends
right so every Friday I'm gonna have an
interview with like - me and my
ecosystem the who's who of the SEO
industry like people that I'm really
close with like Jason's oak and Matt
even easy and Dave Cheston and some of
those people you might know or you may
not and then like people that I just I
just respect a heck out of right Tim and
Josh and Rebecca from hrs we're gonna
talk to oh we'll talk about us here in a
second - we're gonna talk to Nick
Eubanks and Ryan Stewart and John
Doherty and John Henry sure crime people
are probably already offended because I
didn't shout you out but I've there's so
there's 20 people I can't remember them
all it's so good there's so many people
that we're gonna do interviews with and
they're gonna be on there gonna be short
they're three questions long we're not
making like no is not we're not doing
some joe rogan three-hour epic Tim
Ferriss can even listen to those anymore
they're so long just really short punchy
kind of stuff and things that are
actionable that you can take with you
into your day apply to your business
apply to your websites
I'm so excited laughs I just want to
shout out right now
kicking things off I wanted to have a
sponsor every single month
so each reps was the first one to sign
on shout out each reps they're the tool
that I use in my business they're also
the tool that allowed me to really start
everything that I did I found Ryan
Stuart's white hat link building course
and he said use a teach ref so I got
into eight rafts and really use that
data to find success with my first
couple clients and I'll talk to you more
about this as we go on but you
really I walked into my interview where
I'm the happiest I've ever been in my
life but especially as my career as the
SEO director of clique studios and I
loved working there I consider it a
privilege and I was able to go in that
interview and just crush because I
walked in there with eight reps of data
and I just showed them like if I was
here and I worked here here's what I
would do for SEO and I laid out a whole
campaign and showed them how I thought
about topical research and keyword
research and I had all this data already
put together they're super impressive
and they should be because I knew what I
was talking about and knew where I could
get the best data also I would be remiss
not to shout out our second sponsor so
month two is going to be sponsored by
flywheel they're who I host with I'm not
just trying to get sponsors I'm getting
the actual people just fortunate that
the people that I actually use are
willing to sponsor and support we're
gonna they're fantastic I'll tell you
all about them as well they saved my
website when leadpages broke it it's
hard to have a website about SEO when
you have a broken website leadpages
wouldn't help me fix it and neither
would Hostgator my cool sorry sorry
that's who I was using and I went to
flywheel and they fix it in like a day
and now they're on and then finally pot
Reacher I've gotten to know Jackie from
pot Reacher she if you have a podcast or
a regular video kind of thing like we're
doing here I have both she's gonna be
helping create all the blog posts so if
you want like show really high quality
show notes something like what you would
see with Chris Guillebeau side hustle
school definitely reach out to Jackie
Pat Reacher comm just amazing and her
team's really wonderful and I'm really
blessed to have them on board for the
project obviously we're looking for
other sponsors for the last couple
months but like whatever that's three
months away like who gives a crap right
like this is going to be awesome I've
been talking too long already this
projects going to be amazing here's what
I need you to do call to action
subscribe to this channel if you're
watching the video subscribe to this
podcast if you're listening to it on
iTunes or stitcher or wherever you
listen to podcasts and most importantly
just get on my newsletter Brendon Huffer
comm slash newsletter I'm not gonna hit
you every day I thought about that
sending out a daily email that's that
nobody wants it you get too much email
but my Monday email may be a Friday
recap we're gonna be doing a lot of cool
stuff Friday wrap up really like
Facebook live shows and youtube live
shows on Fridays just kind of wrap up
all the stuff I talk to
that week and I'm so excited I'm so I'm
I'm so excited I'm so excited it doesn't
even matter if it's out of focus I'm so
excited
I've been Brendan Huffer don't forget to
work hard be nice people and don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters yeah
[Music]